Fix some game ids and clarify rules 6 and 7. (#143)
gamedig/rust-gamedig: CONTRIBUTING.md

(`Day of Defeat` -> `dod`), then the new name should ignore rule #2 
(`Day of Dragons` -> `dayofdragons`).
5. Roman numbering will be converted to arabic numbering (`XIV` -> `14`).

> 6. Unless numbers (years included) are at the end of a name, they will be considered 
> words. Digits will be used instead of the acronym of that number's digits (`Left 4 
> Dead` -> `l4d`) unless they are at the start position (`7 Days to Die` -> `sdtd`). 
> Other examples: `Team Fortress 2` -> `teamfortress2`, `Unreal Tournament 2003` ->
> `unrealtournament2003`.

Reviewer: This seems less clear than before. As far as I can tell there's not a defined term for spelling out numbers as words in English [1]. Maybe we could say something like.

```suggestion
6. Unless numbers (years included) are at the end of a name, they will be considered 
words. If a number is not in the first position its entire numeric digits will be used instead of the acronym of that number's digits (`Left 4 
Dead` -> `l4d`). If the number is in the first position the longhand (words: 5 -> five) representation of the number will be used to create an ancronym (`7 Days to Die` -> `sdtd`). 
Other examples: `Team Fortress 2` -> `teamfortress2`, `Unreal Tournament 2003` ->
`unrealtournament2003`.
```

[1]: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/111170/is-there-a-term-to-denote-writing-numbers-in-words-rather-than-as-digits

7. If a game supports multiple protocols, multiple entries will be done for 
said game where the edition/protocol name (first disposable in this order) will 
be appended to the base game id's fully, ignoring #2 (Minecraft is mainly divided by 
2 editions, Java and Bedrock which will be `minecraftjava` and `minecraftbedrock` 
respectively) and one more entry can be added by the base name of the game which 
queries in a group said supported protocols to make generic queries easier and 

> disposable.

Reviewer: Here we're still missing how specifically protocols should be encoded:
- Should we append the protocol exactly as it is in the brackets
- Should we follow the same rules for encoding an game name then append that
- Should we append the words from the protocol to the game name and then apply the other rules

Author: I thought it was clear, re-reading it again for the 7th time I realised it was not, updated.
